Change STIX layouts names (#13040)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonTypes/ReleaseNotes/3_0_4.md

#### Layouts
##### Report

> - Change layout name from **STIX Report** to **Report**.
> ##### Attack Pattern
> - Change layout name from **STIX Attack Pattern** to **Attack Pattern**.
> ##### Tool
> - Change layout name from **STIX Tool** to **Tool**.
> ##### Threat Actor
> - Change layout name from **STIX Threat Actor** to **Threat Actor**.
> ##### Malware
> - Change layout name from **STIX Malware** to **Malware**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the layout name from **STIX Report** to **Report**.
##### Attack Pattern
- Changed the layout name from **STIX Attack Pattern** to **Attack Pattern**.
##### Tool
- Changed the layout name from **STIX Tool** to **Tool**.
##### Threat Actor
- Changed the layout name from **STIX Threat Actor** to **Threat Actor**.
##### Malware
- Changed the layout name from **STIX Malware** to **Malware**.
```
